# FAQ

## Frequently Asked Questions

This page contains some frequently asked questions. You can also check the details response under the subpages.

### Q1: How to deal with internal database?

If your database is deployed in an internal network which is not accessible for external connection request, you can:

1. Use [sqlflow-ingester](../../6.-sqlflow-ingester/introduction/) to export the database metadata file.
2. Create sqlflow job by [uploading that metadata file on our SQLFlow UI](../../1.-introduction/ui/job-management/job-sources.md#upload-file).
3. Use [SQLFlow on-premise](../../1.-introduction/readme/cloud-and-on-premise-version.md#install-a-sqlflow-on-premise-version-on-your-own-server) version.

Check [deal with internal database](handling-internal-database.md) for more details.

### Q2: Can I delete my account?

Yes, you can delete your account. Check [here](delete-your-account.md) for how to do that.

**Note: your data will be deleted with your account together**

### Q3: How to output only the relationships in a table form without temporary intermediates, just column to column relationships between tables?

You can archive this using one of the following two approaches:

* If you are using SQLFlow UI, change the SQLFlow UI settings and download the data lineage as CSV.
* You can make REST api request to get the desired CSV data.

Check [Table Form Data Without Intermediates](table-form-data-without-intermediates.md) to get more details.

### Q4: Some schema are missing in the result when using Oracle

Try to check the metadata.json to see whether there's a ORA-01000 error.

```
ORA-01000: maximum open cursors exceeded tips
```

Alter the open\_cursors value to fix this issue .

Check [Not all schema exported from Oracle ](not-all-schema-exported-from-oracle.md)to get more details.

### Q5: Would my shareable links remain valid after my premium account expires?

No.

To facilitate team working with data lineage, one of the premium account privilege is to create shareable link for the data lineage result generated by premium account.

{% content-ref url="../../1.-introduction/getting-started/basic-usage.md" %}
[basic-usage.md](../../1.-introduction/getting-started/basic-usage.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

However, in case of the expiration of your premium account, **the link used for sharing will expire together** with your account even if they were generated before the account's expiration.&#x20;
